## Identity

**Kamacharov Finance** aims to provide consumers with the ability to track their financial information by creating a dynamic Personal Financial Statement (PFS).

The most effective way to have a dynamic PFS is to implement a business mindset. Essentially, manage your cash flow and balance sheet in order to maximize your chances of achieving your goals. Unlike a business, however, which in theory could be around in perpetuity, time is an essential factor for individuals. And with limited time theoretically comes a maximum amount of money that can be achieved in a lifetime. Therefore, by creating a dynamic PFS with emphasis on improving your chances of achieving your goals, we choose to focus on providing the tools for this journey and helping individuals maximize their chances of achieving their set goals.

The website’s purpose is to ultimately become an oasis for fully self-managed financial data: assets, liabilities, goals and much more.

## Problem we are solving

Individuals are ultimately working towards achieving certain goals in life. These goals can vary from the simple such as emergency savings to the complex such as multigenerational trust.

In today’s financial environment, complex tools are generally offered to the wealthy. Even then, such tools tend to target very specific goals - a lawyer can set up a trust, a wealth manager can help with achieving desired investment returns, and so on. Our goal is not to displace such businesses. Rather, it is to target more mass affluent individuals who do not have the funds for such highly specialized advice. The problem we are trying to solve is the lack of tools that can assist individuals in maximizing their chances of reaching their goals. We want to be a guide, a tool provider, rather than the specialist who can zero in on more specialist needs. We prefer to be a generalist who provides the tools for self guidance.

Finally, we are trying to solve the problem that most individuals often do not realize they have. We are hoping to shed light on the problem that individuals have finite time and finite money. As a result, every action or inaction impacts their ability to achieve their goals. Our desire is to show them how these actions and inactions have a direct impact on their goals and to help guide them to optimize their finite resources of time and money. In today’s fintech market, most products target niche needs such as budgeting or improving investment returns. We plan on leaving those niche products to the specialists. The problem we aim to solve is the lack of financial foundation and guidance that a large number of people lack and ultimately provide them with the tools to use along their financial journey.

## Our solution

Our platform will provide consumers the ability to track their financial well being like a company. Provide the tools necessary to assist in helping individuals maximize their chances of achieving their goals. The main thought behind each tool and recommendation is a dynamic PFS that additionally takes into account the finite nature of time and money.

## Target market

The target audience is consumers interested in their financial well being. Since the process heavily involves users and their desire to improve financially, it does require users who are actively interested in making those changes. This is not a passive product.

## The competition

**Kamacharov Finance** in part aims to offer tools that assist in more general nature. We do not believe anyone else offers such a service. However, in theory we could think of most financial institutions or even fintech as competition. Given our desire to be a generalist, however, we believe the companies are more likely to be partners rather than competitors as we could drive customers to their platforms.

## Revenue streams

General Ads
Targeted Ads (for example, target ads if someone is falling behind on a goal to offer help from affiliated partners)
Data
Affiliated marketing (products displayed on website)

## Marketing activities

**Kamacharov Finance** will communicate with consumers with various channels - social media, forums, targeted Google and Facebook ads, and in person showcases.

## Expenses

Software infrastructure

## Team and key roles

Currently the only team members are Georgi Kamacharov and Dimitar Kamacharov. As profit increases, **Kamacharov Finance** will look to add employees to assist with development, marketing and other key areas.

Additionally, the technology codebase is open sourced on GitHub. This provided the ability for developers to contribute and help out for free under community guidelines.

## Milestones

As functionality grows, **Kamacharov Finance** will advertise to more consumers and onboard them on our platform.